Oh no it is the dive rocket launcher, take action regarding that individual ---- relax I'll handle it, I am the angry pumpkin!
Vegeta: You've made me proud, my son
Verbalase Beatbox (beatbox) (beatbox)
First of all, I am Vegeta ---- Second of all, you're not Vegeta ---- Third of all, you wanna be Vegeta but you can't be Vegeta becuase I'm Vegeta
[People] Call me the Drink ---- They call him the what?! ---- When I was a kid, [People] called me the Juicebox -- But now I'm the Drink ---- They call him the What?! ---- A Beverage of sorts ---- Vegeta's the cup, because he is my father
Mark this good news we can finally do do we can be bees. ---- This isn't your world but we can be bees. This is good news you can be a bee you'll live like a bee, like a pet. ---- A pet? ---- A Pet. Mark, ---- this is good news you'll live for 30 years. ---- This is insane!
I've been roamin' around, always lookin' down at all I see ---- Painted faces fill the places I can't reach ---- You know that I could use somebody.
Thank you! You have freed us! ---- Oh I wouldn't say "freed" ---- More like "under new management"!
Ike Undernew
Mark, I made a Steak
A Goblin army is approaching from the west
... Say that again.
The enemy ascended beyond your control ---- Or was that all your intention?
Me Realizing 2014 is only 3 months away. ---- YAR
I love my horsey and my horsey loves me
Bazinga
Sheldon Lee Cooper you dog!
We just got eight free pizzas!
Researcher? I barely know her!
What was he cooking?
Does he know?
He doesn’t know!
Our brains are shrinking!
YOUTUBE POOP SWAWS!~
You, are grounded... four... till cock ---- FOUR TILL COCK?! ---- FOUR TILL COCK!
Dont pay me I don't care ---- PAY ME I CARE
Buenos dias muchachalattas
Kid named Finger
Ough.... My belly.... it's so full
When the fajitas come out sizzling?
Can a white be get a little hispanic in here? ---- ARRIBBA!!!
Urm... Thats not very woke of you.
Beautiful risings pharaoh.
I just roke up
Sustingus!
Sir, you can't park there.
mmmmmm egg in me.
mmmmmm Bobby.
I've come to make an announcment ---- Shadow the Hedgehog's a bitch ass motherfucker. He pissed on my fucking wife. That's right, he took his hedgehog fucking quilly dick out and he pissed on my fucking wife and he said his dick was "this big" and I said "that's disgusting". ---- So I'm making a callout post on my twitter dot com: Shadow the Hedgehog, you got a small dick, its the size of this walnut except way smaller. And guess what? Here's what my dong looks like. That's right baby, all point, no quills, no pillows, look at that it looks like two balls and a bong. ---- He fucked my wife so guess what? I'm gonna fuck the Earth. That's right this is what you get, MY SUPER LASER PISS. Except I'm not pissing on the Earth, I'm gonna go higher, I'M PISSING ON THE MOON. HOW DO YOU LIKE THAT OBAMA, I PISSED ON THE MOON YOU IDIOT! ---- You have twenty-three hours before the piss drop-el-ets hit the fucking Earth, now get out of my fucking sight, before I piss on you too
THATS MY PURSE - I DONT KNOW YOU!
What the herr?
Um yeah, It's [[THE WORLD]]
Crazy? I was crazy once, they locked me in a room, a rubber room, a rubber room with rats, and rats make me crazy
Water bucket, Release!
Alan, we are SO FUCKED.
Hewwwwwwwwooooooooooo Pwincess!
I havent been completely honest with you ---- my name is not babyilovemoney ---- my name is ---- babyilovekilling ---- i am the bay harbour butcher ---- AH AH AH AH AH AH
Ahhhh let me write that down.
Supumbom spombom Spombum
LET IT RIDE
You are SO Green ---- You are the Greenest person EVER
maybe we'll meet at a bar, he'll drive a funky Eugh
Stop sign? What stop sign man?
My ex wife still misses me ---- BUTTER
Now, with the weather, Wally? ---- IT RAINING SIDE WAYS ---- Sounds rough Wally, Do you have an umbrella? ---- HAD ONE? ---- Where is it? ---- INSIDE OUT TWO